VPC-Section-Formatting (#141)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: docs/resources/network_interface.md

Reviewer: лишняя пустая строка

Manages an elastic network interface (ENI) resource.

> For more information, see the documentation on [Network interfaces][network-interfaces].

Reviewer 2: ссылка поломалась

}
```

## Argument reference

The following arguments are required:

* `subnet_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) The ID of the subnet where the ENI has to be created.

The following arguments are optional:

> * `attachment` - (Optional, [Block](#attachment)) The configuration block to define the attachment of the ENI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `attachment` - (Optional, [Block](#attachment)) One or more ENI attachments.
```
Вариант формулировки. Можно использовать когда в конфигурации возможно указание более одного блока

* `description` - (Optional, String) The description for the network interface.
* `private_ip_list` - (Optional, List of strings) The list of private IPs to assign to the ENI **in sequential order**.
    * _Constraints:_ Only a single value can be specified, otherwise, an error will be returned
* `private_ips` - (Optional, List of strings) The list of private IPs to assign to the ENI **without regard to order**.
    * _Constraints:_ Only a single value can be specified, otherwise, an error will be returned
* `security_groups` - (Optional, List of strings) The list of security group IDs to assign to the ENI.
* `source_dest_check` - (Optional, Boolean) Indicates whether the network interface must perform source/destination checking.
    * _Default value:_ `true`
* `tags` - (Optional, Map of strings) Key-value pairs to assign to the resource. If a provider [default_tags configuration block][default-tags] is used, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.

> ~> **Note** The `private_ip_list` and `private_ips` can't be used together in one resource. Choose the preferred one before using.

Reviewer: cannot  в других местах

}
```

## Argument reference

The following arguments are required:

* `subnet_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) The ID of the subnet where the ENI has to be created.

The following arguments are optional:

> * `attachment` - (Optional, Editable, [Block](#attachment)) One or more ENI attachments..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `attachment` - (Optional, Editable, [Block](#attachment)) One or more ENI attachments.
```

The following arguments are required:

> * `subnet_id` - (Required, Forces new resource) (String) Subnet ID to create the ENI in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `subnet_id` - (Required, Forces new resource) (String) The ID of the subnet where ENI will be created.
```

Author: думаю, всё же не "будет создан", а "должен быть создан" (has to be)

The following arguments are optional:

> * `attachment` - (Optional) Configuration block to define the attachment of the ENI. See [Attachment](#attachment) below for more details.

Reviewer: The configuration block

* `description` - (Optional) (String) The description for the network interface.

> * `private_ip_list` - (Optional) (List of strings) The list of private IPs to assign to the ENI **in sequential order**. One value only.

Reviewer: List пишется то с определенным артиклем, то без, надо унифицировать
и не понимаю, что значит One value only, если это список

Author: @DiGa66 как ни странно, тут все верно) у сетевого интерфейса может быть только один приватный IP, поэтому, хоть тут и списочный тип, мы принимаем на вход только одно значение, в ином случае возвращаем ошибку.

* `private_ips` - (Optional) (List of strings) The list of private IPs to assign to the ENI **without regard to order**. One value only.
* `security_groups` - (Optional) (List of strings) The list of security group IDs to assign to the ENI.

> * `source_dest_check` - (Optional) (Bool) Enabling of source destination checking for the ENI.

Reviewer: давай стандартную формулу использовать Indicates whether

    * _Default value:_ `true`.
* `tags` - (Optional) (Map of tags) Key-value map of tags to assign to the network interface. If a provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] is used, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.

~> **Note** The `private_ip_list` and `private_ips` can't be used together in one resource. Choose the preferred one before using.

### Attachment

The `attachment` block has the following structure:

* `instance` - (Required) (String) ID of the instance to attach to.
* `device_index` - (Required) (Int) Index of the network interface.

## Attribute Reference

### Supported attributes

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the network interface.

> * `id` - (String) ID of the network interface.

Reviewer: The ID
и ниже наверно

The following arguments are required:

* `subnet_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) The ID of the subnet where the ENI has to be created.

The following arguments are optional:

> * `attachment` - (Optional) The configuration block to define the attachment of the ENI. See [attachment](#attachment) below for more details.

Reviewer: Тип

* `description` - (Optional, String) The description for the network interface.
* `private_ip_list` - (Optional, List of strings) The list of private IPs to assign to the ENI **in sequential order**.

>     * _Constraints_: Only a single value can be specified, otherwise, an error will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * _Constraints_: Only a single value can be specified, otherwise, an error will be returned
```

* `private_ips` - (Optional, List of strings) The list of private IPs to assign to the ENI **without regard to order**.

>     * _Constraints_: Only a single value can be specified, otherwise, an error will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * _Constraints_: Only a single value can be specified, otherwise, an error will be returned
```

* `security_groups` - (Optional, List of strings) The list of security group IDs to assign to the ENI.
* `source_dest_check` - (Optional, Boolean) Indicates whether the network interface must perform source/destination checking.

>     * _Default value:_ `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * _Default value:_ `true`
```

* `tags` - (Optional, Map of strings) Key-value pairs to assign to the resource. If a provider [default_tags configuration block][default-tags] is used, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.

~> **Note** The `private_ip_list` and `private_ips` can't be used together in one resource. Choose the preferred one before using.

### attachment

The `attachment` block has the following structure:

* `instance` - (Required, String) The ID of the instance to attach to.
* `device_index` - (Required, Integer) The index of the network interface.

## Attribute Reference

### Supported attributes

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the network interface.
* `id` - (String) The ID of the network interface.
* `mac_address` - (String) The MAC address of the network interface.
* `owner_id` - (String) The ID of the project.
* `private_dns_name` - (String) The private DNS name of the network interface (IPv4).

> * `tags_all` - (Map of strings) Key-value pairs assigned to the resource, including the inherited from the provider [default_tags configuration block][default-tags].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags_all` - (Map of strings) Key-value pairs assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [default_tags configuration block][default-tags].
```
